what's up guys today is another
beautiful day here in Playa del Carmen
and we are heading to keep fly a hotel
they have an amazing rooftop pool so I'm
going to go hang out there today so I'm
going to take you guys along with us did
you get this waffle pita
let's see
that was good
by
hmm
so we're here at piece of banana and
we're making a little pissed off to get
some pizza
really good so we're just going to stop
by pizza at Pizza banana and now we are
officially heading to be playa at a pool
and we're actually walking alive
but you know typical Mexico you just
literally walk right through that keep
digging going on you know
pull those oars everything and you can
just walk through okay
it's crazy
big deal I'd like to think it used to it
okay Chris big deal no I don't know big
girls no you're telling Liz you just
gotta realize that you're a big deal now
please don't my big deal busy so we are
here at the apply and we're enjoying
life to the fullest drinks in hand
beautiful rooftop pool
nursing the hangover from last night at
Coco Bongo
the life good life so we're just
finishing up here a few Playa and we're
heading back to the house but I'm good
at such a relaxing day here and it's
been amazing
if you ever in Playa del Carmen you want
to come through the pool you can just
come up here to be Playa and all you do
is buy a drink or some food or whatever
and you can hang on your all day
beautiful rooftop full ocean views
awesome location one street away -
that's really cool
come to apply